---
layout: post
title: "Timing Code"
date: "2003-07-16T12:07:53+06:00"
categories: [coldfusion]
tags: []
banner_image: 
permalink: /2003/07/16/395FCCE5-EB8A-3322-AFEF0433BE5341F6
oldurl: http://www.raymondcamden.com/2003/7/16/395FCCE5-EB8A-3322-AFEF0433BE5341F6
---

I was working on a CFC early this morning (5AM to be precise - don't ask my why - I wake up early) and was having an issue with performance. The CFC was a bug tracker (more info coming soon!) that would get slower as more bugs were added. I needed a nice way to quickly find out what parts of my code were the slowest. On a whim, I quickly wrote up the following custom tag:

&lt;cfparam name="attributes.name"&gt;<br>
&lt;cfswitch expression="#thisTag.executionMode#"&gt;<br>
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;cfcase value="start"&gt;<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;cfset begin = getTickCount()&gt;<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;/cfcase&gt;<br>
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;cfcase value="end"&gt;<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;cfset total = getTickCount() - begin&gt;<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;cftrace var="total" text="Timer: #attributes.name#"&gt;<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&lt;/cfcase&gt;<br>
&lt;/cfswitch&gt;<br>

To test, I then simply did:

&lt;cf_timer name="block where I do foo"&gt;<br>
someOperatation<br>
&lt;/cf_timer&gt;<br>

By wrapping various pieces of my code with this tag, I was able to quickly diagnose the problem areas and correct them.

This code was based on a tag I saw in use in the CFAdmin for MX. This code was written by Mike Nimer of Macromedia. When I mentioned to him that I was going to blog this, he let me know that his tag still existed! So, if you don't mind using an unsupported tag, try cfimporting timer from the /cfide/administrator/cftags folder. 

&lt;cfimport taglib="/CFIDE/administrator/cftags" prefix="tags"&gt;

This tag tags two attributes, inline, which defaults to true, and message, which is the label. If you set inline to false, you will have to manually edit a debug template in order to get the data. It will be accessible in qEvents using a type = 'Timer'. (Did you know you could write your own debug templates for MX?)