---
layout: post
title: "So, how was your weekend?"
date: "2003-12-08T06:12:33+06:00"
categories: [misc]
tags: []
banner_image: 
permalink: /2003/12/08/5636DF7D-0E77-34BC-1B03F64B3C9BAC85
oldurl: http://www.raymondcamden.com/2003/12/8/5636DF7D-0E77-34BC-1B03F64B3C9BAC85
---

So, not that I think people are <i>that</i> interested in my personal life, I thought I'd share a bit about what I did this weekend.

Friday I had a few minutes to work on the blog, so I added color coding to code samples. This isn't in the zip yet but will be in the RC when it is released sometime soon. Here is an example:

<div class="code"><FONT COLOR=MAROON>&lt;cflogin></FONT><br>
	<FONT COLOR=MAROON>&lt;cfif isDefined(<FONT COLOR=BLUE>"form.username"</FONT>) and isDefined(<FONT COLOR=BLUE>"form.password"</FONT>) and len(trim(form.username)) and len(trim(form.password))></FONT><br>
		<FONT COLOR=MAROON>&lt;cfif application.blog.authenticate(trim(form.username),trim(form.password))></FONT><br>
			<FONT COLOR=MAROON>&lt;cfloginuser name=<FONT COLOR=BLUE>"#trim(username)#"</FONT> password=<FONT COLOR=BLUE>"#trim(password)#"</FONT> roles=<FONT COLOR=BLUE>"admin"</FONT>></FONT><br>
		<FONT COLOR=MAROON>&lt;/cfif></FONT><br>
	<FONT COLOR=MAROON>&lt;/cfif></FONT><br>
<FONT COLOR=MAROON>&lt;/cflogin></FONT></div>

Saturday was my wife's birthday, so we hired a babysitter and went out. We saw Elf, which was pretty darn funny, although it didn't handle adoption issues very well. It's funny, I never thought I'd be "PC" in any way, but some of the comments were a bit off. For example, you don't refer to the birth father as the "real" father. But again, I'm being touchy. The film is <i>well</i> worth your money.

Sunday was "Install the Wood Floor" day, which quickly turned into "What in the hell was I thinking" day. So, today I'm on the phone with a few companies to find someone else to come in and finish the job. I have to remember - people pay me to do what I consider to be very easy stuff... so I shouldn't feel bad paying other folks to do things that are probably easy for them. ;)

Also on Sunday two of my kids ran fever around 105 - so both were brought to emergency by my wife. Luckily it ended up being nothing more than a sinus infection. 

Oh, and I forgot - Saturday started off with my wife's brand new laptop (two months old, a Sony VAIO), refusing to boot. I'm getting the 'no OS' error, and with no floppy or cd in the drive, it can only mean one thing - a dead drive. Of course, I can't get into the BIOS to confirm since the startup doesn't tell you what key to hit, which means I have to dig out the documentation somewhere. I don't mind the hardware failure, but this soon? And I certainly hope I don't have to suffer through what I did with Dell a few weeks back.