---
layout: post
title: "String parsing with quotes"
date: "2005-05-24T19:05:00+06:00"
categories: [coldfusion]
tags: []
banner_image: 
permalink: /2005/05/24/10D059BE-D442-38E1-FAEAA330185AA73D
oldurl: http://www.raymondcamden.com/2005/5/24/10D059BE-D442-38E1-FAEAA330185AA73D
---

So, I worked on an interesting problem today - parsing iCal feeds. My desire to parse iCal feeds stems from the fact that I want to translate an iCal feed to an RSS feed. This would let me turn a calendar into an RSS feed that can be added to my.yahoo.com for example. (Obviously you would only publish events in the future.)

So, working on this I ran into an interesting issue. I needed to parse a string that looked a bit like this:

foo=goo:zoo

Everything after the colon was data. Everything before the data is considered params. There are two ways we can make this crazy. First off - the params side can have colons too - if they are in quotes, and not just ":", but...

foo="http://www.cnn.com":CNN

Let's make things interesting again - you can have multiple params if you separate them by commas - but again, commas can be inside quotes:

kidnames="jacon,lynn,noah",foo="http://www.cn.com":CNN

Now - as we all know - ColdFusion has some nifty string parsing functions. The list functions are especially useful for cutting up strings, but in this case, are useless. What I ended up doing then was writing a UDF called: findNotInQuotes. Here it is:

<div class="code">function findNotInQuotes(data,target) {<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;var inQuotes = false;<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;var x = 1;<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;var c = <FONT COLOR=BLUE>""</FONT>;<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;if(arraylen(arguments) gte 3) x = arguments[3];<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;for(; x lte len(data); x=x+1) {<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;c = mid(data,x,<FONT COLOR=BLUE>1</FONT>);<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;if(c is <FONT COLOR=BLUE>""</FONT><FONT COLOR=BLUE>""</FONT>) {<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;if(inQuotes) inQuotes=false;<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;else inQuotes = true;<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;}<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;if(c is target and not inQuotes) return x;<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;}<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;return 0;<br>
}</div>

This worked for me, and I was able to write a conditional loop. However - I think it could be done better. My first thought was - why not rewrite all the list functions so they will ignore delimiters in quotes. This seems a bit crazy. Instead - why not simply write a function that will "split" a string into an array, using your delimiters (and why not allow for delimiters of multi-chars, something CF doesn't let you do). Then you can simply loop over the array.

Any thoughts on this?

For those interested in the iCal code - I've got it working, but I want to convert it to a nice CFC first. There are a set of helper functions also included with it so you can parse their time formats. I'm also going to add a function so you can pass in an iCal start date and an iCal duration value and get an end date.