---
layout: post
title: "Light Side or Dark Side - Help me choose..."
date: "2005-04-20T17:04:00+06:00"
categories: [development]
tags: []
banner_image: 
permalink: /2005/04/20/6156D4C4-BF65-DCA7-0CEBD98E248664A3
oldurl: http://www.raymondcamden.com/2005/4/2/6156D4C4-BF65-DCA7-0CEBD98E248664A3
---

So, it's time for a new machine. I've narrowed it down to two main choices:

The new Dell XPS Gen 5. Includes:

Dual Core Pentiun w/ HT Tech (3.20 Ghz 800 FSB).<br>
2 Gig Dual Channel DDR2 SDRAM<br>
256MB PCI Express ATI Radeon X850 XT PE<br>
250 GB Serial ATA Hard Drive (7200 RPM)<br>
Dual Layer DVD+/-RW burner

Pros: I know Dell. I love Dell. I've had many Dell systems and only had one bad system (and it wasn't one I picked). Plus, the price is a <b>big</b> plus.  They have sale now where all XPS systems are 30+% off. So that dual CPU system with screaming video card is around 2.6k. I don't think I can find a price even close to that. If I do go with this, I need to choose soon though.

Cons: Not a Mac (see below)

I'm also considering a Mac G5 with these specs:

Dual 2.5Ghz PowerPC G5<br>
2GB DDR400 SDRAM<br>
250 GB SATA<br>
ATI Radeon 9600 XT w/ 128 MB

Pros: So I've been tempted by Mac for a while now. Plus, folks I respect rave about it. Also, there will be a higher speed G5 in a few weeks so the speed will probably 2.7Ghz instead. I know that I won't be able to play any (well, not many) games for the Mac, but I play most of my games on my XBOX, PSP, or my Dell laptop.

Cons: Price. That system comes out at 3.4k. A good deal higher than the Dell. Plus... while I want to try a Mac.... if I hate it - I'm screwed. For a good year or so until I upgrade again. I could wait till I upgrade my laptop again - and switch to Mac on that machine.

So, any thoughts?

<b>Edited:</b> Can we say oops? Even though the price was available for XPS Gen 5, even though the sale was offered on it, it turns out you aren't allowed to buy it yet. I tried calling Dell, and spent 30 minutes on the phone while they tried to make it work - to finally figure out that they weren't really selling it yet. Sad. So I guess I'll have time to compare the new G5s when Apple finally gets around to announcing them.