---
layout: post
title: "Ask a Jedi: Working with IFrames, JavaScript, and how ColdFusion 8 makes life easier"
date: "2007-07-18T18:07:00+06:00"
categories: [coldfusion]
tags: []
banner_image: 
permalink: /2007/07/18/Ask-a-Jedi-Working-with-IFrames-JavaScript-and-how-ColdFusion-8-makes-life-easier
guid: 2200
---

Jay asks:

<blockquote>
I have a select box and an iframe and I would like to change the content of the iframe based on what is selected in the select box. Is that possible?
</blockquote>

So this one threw me for a bit because I couldn't honestly remember the last time I worked with an iframe. But I worked out a solution, and when I realized what a great opportunity this would be to showcase ColdFusion 8, I thought I'd share what I found. First though let's answer the original question. How do you change the contents of an iframe? You can set the src property of an iframe via JavaScript. Here is a super simple example:

<code>
&lt;script&gt;
function updateContent() {
	var foodd = document.getElementById("foo");
	var foovalue = foodd.options[foodd.selectedIndex].value;
	if(!foovalue) return;
	var myframe = document.getElementById("myiframe");
	myframe.src = "ilayer.cfm?id="+foovalue;
}
&lt;/script&gt;
&lt;select id="foo" onChange="updateContent()"&gt;
&lt;option&gt;&lt;/option&gt;
&lt;option value="1"&gt;One&lt;/option&gt;
&lt;option value="2"&gt;Two&lt;/option&gt;
&lt;option value="3"&gt;Three&lt;/option&gt;
&lt;/select&gt;

&lt;iframe id="myiframe" src="ilayer.cfm" /&gt;
</code>

What I've done is add a onChange event handler to my drop down box. This calls JavaScript code that then changes the src (location) of the iframe. The code for ilayer.cfm is:

<code>
&lt;cfparam name="url.id" default=""&gt;

&lt;cfif len(url.id)&gt;
	&lt;cfoutput&gt;url.id is #url.id#&lt;/cfoutput&gt;
&lt;/cfif&gt;
</code>

All I'm doing is echoing back the value of URL.ID. So... pretty simple. But what is cool is how much easier this gets in ColdFusion 8. Let's look at a sample:

<code>
&lt;select id="foo"&gt;
&lt;option&gt;&lt;/option&gt;
&lt;option value="1"&gt;One&lt;/option&gt;
&lt;option value="2"&gt;Two&lt;/option&gt;
&lt;option value="3"&gt;Three&lt;/option&gt;
&lt;/select&gt;

&lt;cfdiv bind="url:ilayer.cfm?id={% raw %}{foo}{% endraw %}" width="200" height="200" /&gt;
</code>

So first off - no more JavaScript. At all. Me likely. I changed the iframe to a cfdiv, and to be honest, this looks a bit different from the iframe, but I'm sure you could CSS it up a bit. Lastly, I added a bind to the cfdiv. When I change my drop down (foo), the div generated by ColdFusion will notice the change and pass the value along.