---
layout: post
title: "CFFEED and Date Values"
date: "2008-05-24T16:05:00+06:00"
categories: [coldfusion]
tags: []
banner_image: 
permalink: /2008/05/24/CFFEED-and-Date-Values
guid: 2841
---

I ran into an interesting issue this week with my work at <a href="http://www.broadchoice.com">Broadchoice</a> and the RSS feeds that some of my code was generating. For some reason the times were off by multiple hours. It wasn't a database issue. When viewing the data in non-RSS mode it was perfect. But as soon as I switched to the RSS feed the problem was pretty bad. Because the hours were so far off, new data wasn't showing up in feed readers.

I did some reading (and remember, CFFEED isn't covered at all in the developer's guide - just the reference) and came across this note:

<blockquote>
<p>
When the cffeed tag creates a feed, you can use W3C or RFC 822 formats for both feed types. You can also use
any standard date or date/time format accepted by ColdFusion.
</p>
</blockquote>

Now I read this as - "You can use a normal CF date and I'm cool with it." But that isn't the case. When I viewed source on the XML generated by CFFEED, the times were marked as GMT but were still in the original value. What I mean is, the time had originally been 1PM EST, but the XML said 1PM GMT, which is obviously way wrong. 

Fixing this was a bit difficult. (And if folks know a simpler solution, speak up!) I began by using <a href="http://www.cflib.org/udf.cfm?ID=402">GMTDateFormat</a>. This UDF takes a date and an offset value. It returns a time in GMT. The offset though can't be just a number. It had to be in the form of

+NNMM

or

-NNMM

So I knew I could get the offset using getTimeZoneInfo(). However, this returned a simple value, like 5, not +05. I ended up using this code:

<code>
&lt;cfset var tz = getTimeZoneInfo()&gt;
&lt;cfset var offset = numberFormat(tz.utcHourOffset,"00") & numberFormat(tz.utcMinuteOffset, "00")&gt;
               
&lt;!--- implies no - ---&gt;
&lt;cfif len(offset) is 4&gt;
 &lt;cfset offset = "+" & offset&gt;
&lt;/cfif&gt;
</code>

Once I did this - and used the UDF - my feeds started showing the right values. Maybe I'm crazy but it sure would be nice if this was handled by the tag for me.