---
layout: post
title: "Morpheus @ Yahoo No More"
date: "2004-11-28T18:11:00+06:00"
categories: [misc]
tags: []
banner_image: 
permalink: /2004/11/28/822FEC62-ADF5-B78C-B2063AA5324EF86A
oldurl: http://www.raymondcamden.com/2004/11/28/822FEC62-ADF5-B78C-B2063AA5324EF86A
---

I've been a user of Yahoo's My Yahoo sercvice for many years now. In fact, I remember the day it came out, and I believe I signed up that very day. It is a nice, simple, easy to use portal system and has been my home page for what seems like forever.

In the years that I have used "morpheus" as a nick for both My Yahoo and Yahoo IM, I've had to deal with various attempts to "hack" my account.

For example - in the beginning, a person could request a new password for a My Yahoo account. They could do this upteen times. This would cause a bunch of emails showing up with a random password in each. I would then go through each one figuring out which was the "last" new password and when finally in, I'd reset to my old password. 

About three months ago, someone reset the password again, but this time the new password didn't work. I filled out the support form over at Yahoo and was asked to fill out a form and fax it to Yahoo along with a copy of my driver's license. The form asked various questions about my account, all of which I had no problem answering. A few days later, my account was restored.

About four weeks ago, the same thing happaned, and I went through the exact same process. When I didn't hear anything back after a few days, I filled out the help request again. When I got the exact same request for a fax, I responded saying that I had already faxed. Then I heard nothing. So I tried the form again. I explained the situation, and made it clear that if my application was being processed, I didn't mind waiting. Still... nothing. So I tried it again. And again.

This evening, a friend told me he got an IM from morpheus asking him to remove himself since the account had a new owner. I guess Yahoo simply decided to ignore my requests. It would have been nice if they actually told me something. Maybe I'm being silly - getting attached to a nick. The only thing really "private" up on the account was a bunch of pictures of my kids. Still though, it just ticks me off that someone could abuse the system like that.

So, if any of you have 'morpheus' as your IM contact info for me, please update it to 'cfjedimaster.' If you want, give 'morpheus' a hard time. I don't have proof that the new owner is the same person who ruined my account, but I'd be surprised if it wasn't.