---
layout: post
title: "One More Thunderbird Issue"
date: "2005-03-04T11:03:00+06:00"
categories: [development]
tags: []
banner_image: 
permalink: /2005/03/04/6E80D540-0E64-BFD0-8E56C03046A3C68F
oldurl: http://www.raymondcamden.com/2005/3/4/6E80D540-0E64-BFD0-8E56C03046A3C68F
---

Ok, so I'm trying real hard to love Thunderbird. In general, it has worked fine. Except for the <a href="http://ray.camdenfamily.com/index.cfm?mode=entry&entry=316695B6-B176-F0A4-56AF22FD93D1AE0F"AV issue</a>  I had a few weeks back (which wasn't really Thunderbird's problem), the app has run great. It seems a heck of a lot less bloated than Outlook, and generally just seems to run a lot quicker.

Yesterday something wierd happaned though. I told TBird to check my mail. The app said it was getting email 1 of N. Then it just stopped. No error. Nothing. 

Turns out - this is a <a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=228649">known issue</a>. Basically, when TBird encounters a message with a bad header - it can't handle it. Now, forgive me for saying, but that just seems stupid. First off - the app should at least say something "Hey buddy, I can't get your email because of a malformed email message." To just silently fail is useless. As for the email itself - if other clients can download the message, TBird should be able to. Maybe it can flag it - since it is certainly spam - but don't just ignore it. 

I ended up writing a quick web app to allow me to browse and delete my email. Searching on google, I found that others have had to do the same thing. I wonder how many people simply gave up and installed another mail client? 

If anyone knows a better solution than using a web app, let me know. I'm still using TBird, but I hope this is the last of the issues I run into.