---
layout: post
title: "The Other Side..."
date: "2003-10-03T07:10:14+06:00"
categories: [misc]
tags: []
banner_image: 
permalink: /2003/10/03/395FEB6A-B81D-2C11-FC07EB12ADAB508D
oldurl: http://www.raymondcamden.com/2003/1/3/395FEB6A-B81D-2C11-FC07EB12ADAB508D
---

So something interesting happened to me while travelling home yesterday. After I got my boarding pass, the lady behind the desk pointed out a special code on my ticket. She said I had been granted a one day free pass to their WorldClub area. Now, I don't know about you, but I've always wondered about those 'special' areas for rich business types. I've never actually seen the inside of one or even had a basic clue as to what would be inside. So of course I took the opportunity to check it out. For once I wasn't in my normal 'uniform' of shorts and a tee so I wouldn't stick out.

So, I walk into this place, and I'm honestly flabbergasted at how big, and shwanky (is that even a word) the place is. There were nice chairs, numerous desks (although not with a high speed line, at least they had phone jacks), TVs, and then I hit the mother lode - I turned a corner and entered a round room that looked like something out of a movie. It was all black with a large TV and a scrolling LED banner with stock prices scrolling by. 

The only thing I didn't understand was the liquor. They had hard liquor, scotch, vodka, etc, but the only beer they had was near-beer. I guess rich types don't drink beer much.

Anyway, that will probably be my only glimpse into such areas as I doubt I'll be rich anytime soon, but at least I now know what lies behind those closed doors.