---
layout: post
title: "Working with C# and HomeSite+"
date: "2003-12-11T13:12:14+06:00"
categories: [development]
tags: []
banner_image: 
permalink: /2003/12/11/672C0460-F430-1425-85500B047F3B1179
oldurl: http://www.raymondcamden.com/2003/12/11/672C0460-F430-1425-85500B047F3B1179
---

So, I ran into an interesting problem today. I wanted to see if I could use HomeSite+ to compile and run c# programs. HS+ makes it easy to add custom buttons, and it is easy enough to bind a button to an external program. So the first thing I did was add a button to call cfc and pass in {% raw %}%CURRENTFILE%{% endraw %} as the argument. However, this simply resulted in a DOS window that appeared for one brief second and then immidiately went away. Not sure of what to do, I decided to switch to a simple bat file:

<div class="code">csc %1<br>
pause</div>

I switched my button to call my bat file and this corrected the "Disappearing DOS" window issue, but it caused another problem. The literal string of the filename, in this case, c:\document and settings\etc, was being passed, and the spaces caused an issue with csc. So, I simply wrapped %1 with quotes. Tada - problem solved. 

Or so I thought.

When csc runs, it compiles the file in the same directory that you <i>run</i> csc in. In this case, my bat file was at the root of C, which means the .exe from my c# file ended up in the root directory. Luckily the c# compiler supports an /out: directive that allows you to specify the full path and name of the output file.

However, I was passing in path\foo.cs, and I needed to end up with path\foo.exe. Once again, HS+ came to the rescue. I switched from calling my bat file directly to calling a piece of JavaScript code I created from within HS+. Here is the code:

<div class="code">function Main() {<br>
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;var fileName = Application.ActiveDocument.Filename;<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;var fileNameEXE = fileName.substring(<FONT COLOR=BLUE>0</FONT>,fileName.length-3) + <FONT COLOR=BLUE>".exe"</FONT>;<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;var commandToRun = 'c:<A TARGET="_blank" HREF="\\cs.bat ">\\cs.bat </A><FONT COLOR=BLUE>"' + fileName + '"</FONT> <FONT COLOR=BLUE>"' + fileNameEXE + '"</FONT>';<br>
<br>
<FONT COLOR=GRAY><I>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;//remove extension</I></FONT>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;with (Application) {<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;ShellToApp(commandToRun);<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;}<br>
<br>
}</div>

Basically, I get the current file name, remove the  ".cs" and ".exe" to a new version of the file name. I then call my bat file and pass in the name of the file to compile as well as the name of the file to generate. cs.bat simply is:

<div class="code">@echo off<br>
csc /out:{% raw %}%2 %{% endraw %}1 /nologo<br>
pause</div>

This now compiled my code and paused so I could see any issues.

Next I wanted to see if I could run the current document. Once again I created a button, and as before, I made it call a JavaScript file:

<div class="code">function Main() {<br>
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;var fileName = Application.ActiveDocument.Filename;<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;fileName = fileName.substring(<FONT COLOR=BLUE>0</FONT>,fileName.length-3) + <FONT COLOR=BLUE>".exe"</FONT>;<br>
<br>
<FONT COLOR=GRAY><I>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;//remove extension</I></FONT>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;with (Application) {<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;ShellToApp('c:<A TARGET="_blank" HREF="\\csrun.bat ">\\csrun.bat </A><FONT COLOR=BLUE>"' + fileName + '"</FONT>');<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;}<br>
<br>
}</div>

As before, I take the current file and remove the .cs and add .exe. This time I call a bat file called csrun.bat, all it does is:

<div class="code">@echo off<br>
call %1<br>
pause</div>

Which basically means, run the file I was given and pause. 

So far so good. Now I can compile and run simple programs from HS+. I could also easily modify this to call another compiler, like javac. My next modification will be to make my "run" JS code prompt for input arguments to pass to the c sharp file. Enjoy.