---
layout: post
title: "ScopeCache"
date: "2004-01-08T12:01:06+06:00"
categories: [coldfusion]
tags: []
banner_image: 
permalink: /2004/01/08/F729C572-BF2B-430C-525FCCF58760CAD5
oldurl: http://www.raymondcamden.com/2004/1/8/F729C572-BF2B-430C-525FCCF58760CAD5
---

Today a discussion about partial page caching came up on cf-talk. I mentioned a custom tag I had written about for CFDJ, ScopeCache. I could have sworn I blogged about it before, but since I couldn't find it in my archives, I must have forgotten. 

So, with that in mind, I decided to add a few new features to it and upload it. ScopeCache allows you to easily cache partial page content. This is done by simply wrapping content:

<div class="code"><FONT COLOR=MAROON>&lt;cf_scopecache name=<FONT COLOR=BLUE>"stockInfo"</FONT> scope=<FONT COLOR=BLUE>"application"</FONT> timeout=<FONT COLOR=BLUE>"#30*60#"</FONT>&gt;</FONT><br>
do some slow stuff here<br>
<FONT COLOR=MAROON>&lt;/cf_scopecache&gt;</FONT></div>

This code will cache the result of the code inside the call for thirty minutes. The older version didn't even have a timeout. (Don't ask me why, I just never added it.) You can set a timeout to a specific date and time, or by a number of seconds. 

Also included are dependancies. This allows you to "chain" caches. So if cache item A has a dependancy of B, it means that when A is cleared, or removed because of a timeout, then B will be cleared as well. This process is chained so that if B had dependancies, they will be cleared as well.

The next feature I'm considering adding is a "size" to the cache. This would allow you to say "Only cache N items". Removal would be done like .Net's cache system - each item in the cache would have a "weight" and the lightest items would be removed first. (By the way, if you haven't checked it out, the built-in cache system in .Net is <i>very</i> sweet.)

If you have any questions, or suggestions, about this code, just let me know.

<b>Edited</b> Oops, a link would help, wouldn't it? You can download the code <a href="http://www.camdenfamily.com/morpheus/downloads/scopecache.zip">here</a>.