---
layout: post
title: "New laptop and coupon codes"
date: "2004-04-01T08:04:49+06:00"
categories: [misc]
tags: []
banner_image: 
permalink: /2004/04/01/A6EE0C53-EB98-EF71-FAA194EA0A724450
oldurl: http://www.raymondcamden.com/2004/4/1/A6EE0C53-EB98-EF71-FAA194EA0A724450
---

So, last night I had my last straw with my current laptop, a Dell SmartStep. The laptop is nice in general - it has a good battery life and is quite speedy, but has too many hardware issues. The primary problem is that it overheats. Basically, any time I play a game, after 10-20 minutes the laptop just switches off. No warnings. Nothing. Just a black screen. With the powercord disconnected, I can get a bit more time (the machine runs slower on battery) but even then the machine will die. Normally this only affects games, but once it happaned during a coding session. I sent it in - but apparently the problem has returned. Then I discovered that the video out connection wasn't working. A quick search on the Dell forums found that many people had the same problem. Basically the connector doohicky (I'm a software guy) isn't connected well to the rest of the hardware and after a few uses it gets lose.

So - to make a long story short, while I love Dell, I was beginning to hate this laptop. So, I decided to pick up the new XPS. (I'll brag more about the system later.) There are two important things I want to bring up:

1) When configuring this system, I noticed something <i>very</i> nioe - the ability to remove most of the crappy software. Normally when I get a new machine, the first thing I do is start uninstalling. For most of the options in the XPS you are given a No Software option. Thanks Dell, I appreciate it!

2) For the heck of it I went over to <a href="http://www.shopping-bargains.com">Shopping Bargains</a> when I was at the end of my check out process. This is a site I built a few months back for the SB folks using CFMX and our CMS, <a href="http://www.mindseyeelement.com">Element</a>. I typed in Dell, and in a few seconds I had a coupon code that took off 310 dollars. Nice, <i>very</i> nice.

So, totally unrelated to the post and just for bragging purporses, here are the specs on my new laptop:

Pentium 3.4 Ghz<br>
15.4 WUXGA with HT Tech<br>
1 gig RAM<br>
128 MB ATI Mobility Radeon 9700<br>
60 gig Ultra ATA 7200 RPM<br>
128 MB USB Memory Key (no floppy drive)<br>
Windows XP Home (which will be changed to Pro)<br>
Modular 4X CD/DVD burner (dvd+rw+r)<br>
Subwoofer in the system itself<br>
Backup carrying case<br>
and lastly, the Plasma cover