---
layout: post
title: "Episode 3 Review"
date: "2005-05-19T08:05:00+06:00"
categories: [movies]
tags: []
banner_image: 
permalink: /2005/05/19/F4BAEAC2-04DB-1894-B6806BF484FBB6BB
oldurl: http://www.raymondcamden.com/2005/5/19/F4BAEAC2-04DB-1894-B6806BF484FBB6BB
---

Well, last night I saw Star Wars Episode 3. I got a grand total of two and a half hours sleep, so this review is going to be a bit simple since I haven't had my coffee yet. I will also have spoilers, but I'll give a warning before I do.

First - my general, non-spoiler impressions. This was a wonderful film. Right now it stand as my third-favorite SW film, after Empire and A New Hope. The action sequences were - as always - quite cool - but even more so in this film. If you thought Empire Strikes Back was a bit of a downer, though, you ain't seen nothing yet. This film makes ESB look like a Telly Tubby show. 

In summary - I thought the first two films were ok, but I never felt they "fit" very well into the overall SW story. This one seems to fit perfectly. It is what I would have imagined the prequel to A New Hope would have been.

And now for the spoilers. Let me be clear: SPOILERS! SPOILERS! SPOILERS!

The following are random notes/feelings/comments in no particular order.

The beginning space battle was amazing - and is my favorite opener to any SW film yet. 

Grevious was not what I expected - he was better. Thank God Lucas let him talk a bit more than Darth Maul.

If you hate Jar Jar - don't worry. I think he has a grand total of two scenes, and I don't remember him talking at all.

Once again - whenever Anakin and Padme would talk of their love for each other - I wanted to throw up. For the entire trilogy, this was the most unconvincing part for me. I don't think Lucas knows how to write those kind of scenes - or maybe the actors simply can't do their job.

However - the scene where Anakin makes his choice to go the Dark Side - the one where he is alone I mean - that was <i>very</i> well done, and was of the most powerful parts of the film. It was very understated but so well done.

The massacre of the Jedi was.... beyond words. As I said above - this film is somewhat of a downer, and this is one of the most depressing parts of it. Lucas pulls this off well I think - but it definitely leaves you feeling quite sad. 

Which brings me to the "younglings." In episode 2, we know that Anakin kills a village of sand people, including the women and children. In episode 3, we know he kills all the Jedi children.  Maybe I'm too sensitive as a parent, but I really didn't think this was necessary. It could have been removed from the film and none of the darkness would have been gone. Yes, we know Vader is evil - but this scene was just unnecessary.

Darth.... well.... I'm conflicted. On one hand - it was cool seeing his creation. On the other hand - dang was he short. I guess this is fair - Vader, in this film, is still somewhat young. He will grow into the towering menace we see in A New Hope, but still, it was wierd seeing him so small. 

The final battle between Obi and Ani.... dead on perfect. The best saber fight in all 6 movies.

So here is a question. At the end of the movie we see the Death Star being worked on. We know they don't finish for 18 or so years, when Luke is a young man. Yet the second Death Star is done (or operational at least) in Jedi - which I'm guessing is 5 or so years later. Is this just an example of the Empire learning from the first construction? Or am I being too geeky? I also seem to remember that one of the books, or comics, mentioned that the Empire built a proto-type Death Star first. Could that have been it?

Oh - one last note. The movie gets a +1 for mentioning adoption. I know - I'm probably the only one that cares - but hey - it's something to mention to my kids.